Add support of ME in --owners (#1845)
neuro-inc/platform-client-python: CLI.md

|_--format COLUMNS_|Output table format, see "neuro help ps\-format" for more info about the format specification. The default can be changed using the job.ps-format configuration variable documented in "neuro help user-config"|
|_\--full-uri_|Output full image URI.|
|_\-n, --name NAME_|Filter out jobs by name.|

> |_\-o, --owner TEXT_|Filter out jobs by owner \(multiple option). Supports `ME` option to filter by current users username.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|_\-o, --owner TEXT_|Filter out jobs by owner \(multiple option). Supports `ME` option to filter by the current user.|
```
